README.md, before:

# Physics-305, Fall 2018
TA: Maxwell Cui

Office hour (for this class only): Th 2-3pm in the computer lab

Consultation hour (open too all students): Fr 1-2pm in PAS-372 (consultation room)

Email: cuizhaoyuan@email.arizona.edu

## About this repository
This repository is along with the **Physics-305 Computational Physics** class of University of Arizona. It is created, currently managed, and updated by the class TA Maxwell.

The goal of this repository is to help you learn more about computation physics and perhaps linux-like system.
I will use this repository to post information and/or codes that I think will be helpful.
If you have any question, please feel free to use the [Issues](https://github.com/maxwellcui/phys305/issues) module above.
Simply open a new issue and post your question. Please don't hesitate to do so because your question may also help other students, and everyone can join the discussion. Or if you have any question that you want to discuss in private, we can always do it through email or schedule an appointment.

## Items
### Lecture code
The sample codes for the class exercise are stored in the directory with the lecture number. There is no "correct answer" for a code, as long as your program works and does what you want it to do! That means the code I provided is just a reference, you can totally write a more compact, efficient and better program.

### System
This directory contains topics of linux. Most of the topics are not going to be the knowledge required to succeed in this class, but it will definitely help you better understand the system and programming. If you are interested in High Energy Physics (HEP)/particle physics, especially the experimental side, I think the topics in this directory are going to be very helpful. I will update the topics once a while or when I think it's necessary. If you have any specific topic want to discuss, please feel free to let me know.

Commit message:

Update: adding typo issue link

README.md, after:

# Physics-305, Fall 2018
TA: Maxwell Cui

Office hour (for this class only): Th 2-3pm in the computer lab

Consultation hour (open too all students): Fr 1-2pm in PAS-372 (consultation room)

Email: cuizhaoyuan@email.arizona.edu

## About this repository
This repository is along with the **Physics-305 Computational Physics** class of University of Arizona. It is created, currently managed, and updated by the class TA Maxwell.

The goal of this repository is to help you learn more about computation physics and perhaps linux-like system.
I will use this repository to post information and/or codes that I think will be helpful.
If you have any question, please feel free to use the [Issues](https://github.com/maxwellcui/phys305/issues) module above.
Simply open a new issue and post your question. Please don't hesitate to do so because your question may also help other students, and everyone can join the discussion. Or if you have any question that you want to discuss in private, we can always do it through email or schedule an appointment.

***Please read [this](https://github.com/maxwellcui/phys305/issues/1) issue and help hunt down typos!***

## Items
### Lecture code
The sample codes for the class exercise are stored in the directory with the lecture number. There is no "correct answer" for a code, as long as your program works and does what you want it to do! That means the code I provided is just a reference, you can totally write a more compact, efficient and better program.

### System
This directory contains topics of linux. Most of the topics are not going to be the knowledge required to succeed in this class, but it will definitely help you better understand the system and programming. If you are interested in High Energy Physics (HEP)/particle physics, especially the experimental side, I think the topics in this directory are going to be very helpful. I will update the topics once a while or when I think it's necessary. If you have any specific topic want to discuss, please feel free to let me know.
